Ertp api (#740)
Agoric/documentation: main/reference/ertp-api/issuer.md

and is the same for the **Issuer**'s associated **[Mint](./mint.md)**, and any **[Purses](./purse.md)** and **[Payments](./payment.md)** of this particular
kind. The **Brand** is not closely held, so this method should not be trusted to identify
an **Issuer** alone. Fake digital assets and amounts can use another **Issuer's** **Brand**.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer, brand: quatloosbrand } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosbrand = quatloosIssuer.getBrand();
// brand === quatloosbrand
```

## Issuer.makeEmptypurse()
- Returns: **[Purse](./purse.md)**

Makes and returns an empty **Purse** that holds assets of the **[Brand](./brand.md)** associated with the **Issuer**.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloospurse = quatloosIssuer.makeEmptypurse();
```

## **Issuer.burn(payment, optAmount?)**
- **payment** **[Payment](./payment.md)**
- **optAmount** **[Amount](./ertp-data-types.md#amount)** - Optional.
- Returns: **Amount**

Destroys all of the digital assets in the **Payment**,
making them unavailable for later use,
and returns an **Amount** of what was burned.

> If an optional *optAmount* argument is passed into the method, 

Author: I don't have a strong opinion on this, so the text has been changed to "If an optAmount argument is passed into the method, etc."

const newPayment = quatloosIssuer.claim(originalPayment, amountToTransfer);
```

## Issuer.combine(paymentsArray, optTotalAmount?)
- **paymentsArray** **Array &lt;[Payment](./payment.md)>**
- **optTotalAmount** **[Amount](./ertp-data-types.md#amount)** - Optional.
- Returns: **Payment**

Combines multiple **Payments** into one new **Payment**. If any item in *paymentsArray* is

> a promise, the operation proceeds after each such promises resolve to a **Payment**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a promise, the operation proceeds after each such promise resolves to a **Payment**.
```
